despite the fact that motorola kush laz
Russian
as a result, do not return yet
going I could not pass by
opportunities to hold in your hands
new parties from June 4
the company calls this smartphone the most
powerful in the world and he is really powerful
both externally and internally with him
installed chip nvidia tegra 2 familiar to us already
passport he gave jeep elbow
collapse
only installed here
really capacious battery for 1930
milliampere hour
therefore, he can work further from
sockets
10 hours and even more in active mode
testing
no less impression
produces th size night ahead of the car
more permissions than any other
existing android background 960x540
points almost like the last background ah
behind there is a curious window to
locking combined with
fingerprint scanner especially
paranoid mates can
use your transition instead
his own park is not stable
you can do a lot of work like this
but overall the external atheist is not
represents nothing special
although not bad in the hand and plastic pleases
qualities
but iron is just iron without
bad but nobody needs
Android 2.2 is installed here.
shells motta dishes
a bunch of useful widgets
dimensions that can be changed directly to
liturgies
In general, I liked the device very much
original with its special
interesting chips and the main thing is the first
smartphone with dual core chip
who worked for me a whole working
day
and besides the very a 3 4 b motorola introduced
a kind of bonus is such a docking station
which turns a smartphone
a laptop
You can connect mice to it and
keyboards later however full
the laptop does not do so because of his fault
no law
but the whole load falls
on power and nvidia tegra 2 thousand inside motorola atrix 4g
and even despite the failure of the disconnecting
full trades 3 6
heavy site on it tosses
barely barely
new ideas are interesting but to
unfortunately not viable